This file is to brainstorm and play with ideas related to translating the annotated data into actual moves.

What is needed to translate annotation into an actual move?
-Which side is making the move? Black or White?
-which piece is making the move?
-where on the board is the move being made to and from?
-is there a capture?

Which side is making the move? Black or White?
  This should be easily assertained by whether or not the index of the list is even or odd

Which piece is making the move?
  This is a bit more complicated. In chess annotation, the piece is indicated as the first letter of a move. However,
  there can be more than one of the same piece type. My thought is to have a local mutable list of piece objects. Loop
  through all the pieces of White or Black and when a particular piece matches the type of the letter, add a reference
  to that object to the list. Once, we have this mutable list, we must check the legal moves of each piece to see which
  piece is capable of legally moving to the target square. It will take some programming and logic to determine legal
  moves for a particular piece based on the situation. I am thinking of adding a separate legalMoves function to a chess 
  utility class that will take the  return a list of legal destination coordinates. It might be worth considering the
  possibility of this function being used while actually playing out a game or giving the user extra graphic information
  about the current situation. 
  The case becomes more complicated when more than one piece is capable of legally moving to the target square. In this
  case, the annotation will give an indication (either rank or file) of which piece is actually making the move. Otherwise
  the pgn file is incorrectly formatted.

Where on the board is the move being made to and from?
  The target coordinates can be taken directly from the annotation. There will be some logic involved in extracting this
  coordinate from the annotation.
  The starting location can easily be taken from the location of the moving piece once that has been ascertained.

Is there a capture?
  If the annotation contains the character 'x', then there is a capture. The captured piece could potentially be found by
  looping through all the pieces of the other side and comparing each piece's location with the starting location.
